[door buzzes. slams]
[door buzzes]
Hey. Grace. [stammers]
How you holding up?
She won't even talk to me.
It's so fucked up.
I mean. yes. she's lucky
that Donny didn't die.
but the doctors don't know
if he'll ever walk again.
Well. at least he won't have to
go on hikes with his coworkers.
Paul. if I'm gonna walk this slow.
I'm gonna need some positivity.
[sighs]
She's probably gonna spend
the rest of her life in jail.
but she... she was
abused for years.
- They'll see that. She'll be okay.
- She might not.
[sighs] She has to be.
Look. kid.
That's the difference
between you and me.
If my patients don't wind
up okay. I'll still be fine.
You... [scoffs] ...not so much.
[Jimmy] This is it.
This is the spot where
she pushed him. [sighs]
Hey. did you always
have this tattoo?
No. It's new.
Flattered. but...
[chuckles] ...why?
To remember you by.
- [gasps]
- Boop.
[screaming]
[pants]
- [Alice] You okay?
- [screams]
- [breathes heavily]
- Dude. Did you have a bad dream?
No... [stammers] ...I
just have allergies.
That's how I clear my throat.
[screams. clears
throat] Almost got it.
[screams] There we go.
What are you doing?
Just watching me sleep?
No. No. Who watches
people sleep? Ugh.
Oh. my God. Do you
watch me sleep?
No.
I mean. not so much since
you got a big-girl bed.
[whispers] Jesus Christ.
[sighs]
So. the old lady I heard
screaming earlier...
That was my dad. yes.
That tracks. See ya.
Sweetie? What you doing?
I just like watching her drink.
- Stalking the neighbor. Got it.
- [phone buzzing]
Oh. Uh. Derek. I need
you on perv patrol.
[sighs] Okay. bud.
We can do this.
We can live near a girl
and not make it weird.
Okay. Give me the update.
You're gonna be so proud of me.
I haven't bonked Jimmy
in. like. three days.
- Mind you. the first two days...
- Oh.
I was out of town.
and on the third day.
I had some low-grade diarrhea
I was kind of concerned about.
Well. it still counts. Do you want
to do your little affirmation?
I do not. but make
me say it anyway.
Do it. you tall. slutty coward.
Wow. Okay.
"Jimmy's not ready
for anything real.
It's an uneven dynamic. and
it's. like. not healthy for me."
Amen.
[sighs] It's just really hard
because I got him this shampoo
that makes his hair smell like pine tree.
and it kind of makes my cooch whistle.
No. I get it. I fuck Derek
a lot over Christmas.
Anyway. I'm pulling up.
Gotta go. Love you. Bye.
All right. See ya.
- [Connor] Okay.
- Now remember. Alice is just a friend.
Not someone whose
skin you wanna wear.
[chuckles]
Give it a shot.
Hey. Alice.
[stammering] Your
skin looks soft.
- Jesus Christ.
- [sighs]
- Okay. bud. that's on me.
- Yep.
I put the idea of skin
in your head. [sighs]
["Born Under A
Bad Sign" playing]
[shutter clicks]
That's one of the hottest
things I've ever seen.
Now it's gonna be the
wallpaper on my phone.
[stammers] How did
you get in here?
You know. she picks
you up every day.
I gave her the code.
[whispers] Betrayal.
Look. dancing is supposed to
be good for. uh. Parkinson's.
Uh... [stammers] ...I
don't even like it.
You admit that you love
our morning dancing.
or it's never
gonna happen again.
- [softly] It's my favorite. baby.
- [squeals]
- Out!
- Okay. I'll be in the car.
- Bye. Julie. Big fan. Bye.
- Bye. Gab.
- What? [chuckles]
- What?
[Gaby] So. Julie's always over.
You guys are like
roomies with bennies.
- I don't know what that means.
- Yeah. you do.
You guys getting serious?
["Your Love" playing on radio]
♪ Josie's on vacation
far away... ♪
- Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm. Hell no.
- [music stops]
We're not doing that today.
Oh. my gosh. What if
there's a wedding?
Holy schnikes! Is
your dad still alive?
'Cause if not. I will totally walk
you down the aisle if you want.
I am taking solace in the fact that
this day could not get any worse.
Paul. I gotta tell
you about my dream.
I stand corrected.
We were hiking. and I think that all
of the other hikers were my patients.
And you had a tattoo
of my name on your arm.
But it wasn't all cool stuff.
You pushed me off a cliff.
Paul. you tried to kill me.
You let me in your dream
tonight. and I'll do it again.
["Frightening Fishes" by
Benjamin Gibbard playing]
Last time. she barely said a word.
so let's try to keep it upbeat.
- [Brian] Okay. [clears throat] Oop.
- All right? [sighs]
- There she is!
- Look at our girl! Gorgeous.
Love a monochromatic two-piece.
And can I just say. there's
something about your skin tone
and a harsh fluorescent
light that creates magic...
Am I too upbeat? I'm too upbeat.
Why are you back here again?
Grace. this is my friend Brian.
Brian is an attorney. and he said that
he would take on your case pro bono.
- Whatever.
- I know. It is exciting.
Let's talk a bit about what you're
going to say at your next deposition.
[Grace] What's the point?
I tried to kill my husband. so I
should probably be locked up forever.
Well. maybe don't
lead with that.
Okay. Grace. I promise we're
gonna get you through this.
Haven't you done enough?
I mean. before I met
you. I sold houses.
Did Pilates. I had platinum
status at Yogurtland.
Now. I'd have to go trade
this barrette for a tampon.
- Grace.
- [Grace] Look...
[knocks on door]
I know I had a piece-of-shit
husband before...
- [door buzzes]
- but it was better than this.
Platinum status is
a lot of yogurt.
- Brian.
- Sorry.
[customer] I want my
Arnold Palmer mostly tea
and if I see a single onion on my
po'boy. I'm going to freak out.
Coming right up.
Did you see that?
She ordered me around. and I
didn't even punch her in the tit.
[chuckles]
Look at Sean. right.
Sean's doing so great.
And then Grace is such
a fucking disaster.
I can't stop obsessing about it.
I think that Alice can
tell that I'm spinning.
She hasn't said anything
about it. but I can tell.
I can tell that she's...
she's worried about me.
It's rough to realize your
kid knows how fragile you are.
I'm not fragile. Paul.
I said I'm spinning
and obsessing.
Okay.
Good sandwich. [grunts]
Paul. do you think I
fucked up with my patients?
Tell me everything. Come on.
So you helped a patient dispose
of human remains at the Rose Bowl?
Ashes. not bones.
That would be gross.
Oh.
Look. I know you had concerns
when I enrolled Sean in MMA.
but listen. I did some research.
and there's a guy in San Diego
who's been doing this for
vets with PTSD since 2012.
And yes. Grace
had a bad outcome.
Husband had a worse outcome.
Pattern interruption.
It's an... [stammers] established
neurolinguistic strategy.
and it's not like I
told her to hurt Donny.
Sure. one could argue
that the joke I made
about booping him could
complicate things at trial.
What were your
exact words again?
"Off the cliff. Bash his
brains. Eat them up."
I know it doesn't
sound funny. Paul.
but you gotta imagine I did it in
a hilarious Cookie Monster voice.
[imitating Cookie Monster] Off the
cliff. Bash his brains. Eat them up.
[imitates chomping]
I don't need to hear it.
I just want you to have
all the information
'cause I think I really
need to hear you say
that I didn't fuck it
up with my patients.
[sighs]
You didn't.
Thanks. Thank you. Paul.
But given everything. why don't you
try and stick to conventional therapy?
- I mean. at least till the trial is over.
- Yep.
- Try and be normal.
- [inhales deeply]
[Wally] Hey. there you are.
Let's get this going. cowboy.
- That's the one who tried to kiss me.
- Oh. twice.
Happens to me all the time.
Did not expect it
to happen to you.
[chuckles]
[playfully] Normal.
[exhales sharply]
Your boobs going somewhere?
Shit. Damn it.
Liz. how did you know
I was gonna be here?
When I asked you
to hang tonight.
you said you were gonna stay
home and air-fry some tilapia.
Man. I knew that
was too specific.
- Mm-hmm.
- Look. Liz.
I'm overwhelmed. Okay?
I'm juggling these patients.
I'm teaching that class.
I haven't even unpacked
my new house. all right?
I need a release.
So go watch Property Brothers and
rub one out like the rest of us.
- Hmm?
- Look. you're the one who told me
to use my buttinsky superpowers
to help you break this cycle.
You're right. I'm sick of this. Okay.
I'm gonna end things with Jimmy.
- Do it!
- Do it.
I am a strong woman.
[panting] I'm a
weak little girl.
Oh. Okay. Yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah.
I'm a... I'm a strong big boy.
- What?
- I'm a caveman.
[imitating caveman] Me
kill elk with mouth.
Okay. No more. No more talking.
- [shushes] No more. Come on.
- Oh.
[Gaby] Just kiss me. All
right. No more talking.
[indistinct chattering on TV]
Oh. come on.
[scoffs] Mookie's
gotta make that play.
We get it.
You're a guy's girl.
Oh. you're delightful.
What's with the mood?
Dodgers are losing.
my back hurts.
the guy at the mini-mart
called me "chief."
[Julie] Oh. no.
That is a tough day.
Also. I usually
watch the games...
by myself.
Oh. No problem.
I'll just take my book upstairs.
It's just. I didn't know you
were gonna be here tonight.
No. it's fine.
If you can stop being such a big
dick. come up before I fall asleep.
I might give you
a little back rub.
I think we've been spending
too much time together.
Excuse me?
It's just that some people say
that... [stammers] ...we're like...
roomies with bennies.
Okay... [stammers] I don't
even know what that means.
Yeah. you do.
You know what? [smacks
lips] You're right.
Yeah. I think that we could
both use a little space.
Well. it doesn't
have to be tonight.
I was really looking
forward to the back rub.
That's not how it works. chief.
[door closes]
Woof.
[phone chimes]
[Sean] A guy from my
old army unit texted me.
He's coming to town for a
day. and he wants to hang.
So that sucks.
- Bad guy?
- Great guy.
- Bad friend?
- Nope.
Make this easy on me.
He loves reminiscing about
the old days. and I...
I don't want to be in my head
reliving any of that shit.
Got it.
Okay.
So he's a trigger for you.
Listen. man. triggers
are everywhere.
[imitates explosions]
For me. it's sirens.
Every time. Every time I
hear one. I'm right back...
[inhales deeply] ...to the
night that Tia was killed.
[sirens wailing]
[Jimmy] When I got there. the
emergency crews had already arrived.
I remember there was steam
coming off the engines.
The paramedics were loading Tia's
body into the back of the ambulance.
There was a policeman who was putting
the drunk driver in the back of the car.
But the thing that always gets me
is there's these two other cops.
and they were just chatting about what
they were going to order for dinner.
Like it was just another day.
[Sean] I'm sorry. man.
You know what? It's okay.
'Cause I can access that now without.
like. completely falling apart. you know.
I don't need to...
to numb myself
by snorting Molly off of
some stripper named Ecstasy.
Uh. I might have been snorting
ecstasy off a stripper named Molly.
Memory lane.
The point is. you can't
hide from your past forever.
I'm just not ready yet.
It's okay.
You know why?
'Cause one day you will be.
That's it? You're not
gonna start Jimmying me?
"Jimmying" you?
You know. that weird therapy shit you do
outside of the office that Paul hates.
Oh.
[clears throat] Yeah. I'm... I'm
taking a little break from that.
Just getting back to basics.
[imitating Paul] I
have to be normal.
- Okay. Cool.
- "Jimmying." though. huh?
I like that.
- Dear God.
- [Jimmy] Is everybody calling it that?
I mean. I don't care. It's
not... It's not about me.
It's whatever you guys
want. but it's nice.
Can you spread the word
that I'm cool with it?
And that's our time. [sighs]
It's just that it sounds
like a movement. or...
[sighs] Shit. shit. shit. shit.
shit. shit. shit. shit. shit!
- [panting]
- [door closes]
- [phone ringing]
- Uh...
- [ringing stops]
- No. no.
[sniffs] Okay.
[grunts] I'm so fucking late.
Maybe she doesn't have cell
service at her new place.
Rang twice. You were declined.
How would you know?
Because it always rings
twice when I call you.
That tall. slutty asshole.
You know. this new foster
dog is gonna be hard to name.
He's really very gassy.
but also quite regal.
All right. You know
what I should do?
Leave Gaby alone
because she's an adult?
Don't be insane.
I dub thee. Sir Farts-A-Lot.
Hello. Sir Farts-A-Lot.
I mean. his patient is
an attempted murderer.
I can see him spinning.
He started screaming
in his sleep...
[screams] ...like
that. [screams]
Oh. I forget. Did I tell you
I've been watching him sleep?
You did not.
[sighs]
Why don't you close your eyes
and breathe for a few seconds?
[breathing deeply]
You know what sucks
about your baby carrots?
They make you think
they're Cheetos.
I googled Parkinson's.
[inhales deeply] You're
supposed to be eating healthy.
- [exhales deeply]
- Stupid fucking Internet.
[exhales deeply]
This isn't helping.
Oh. I can't stop thinking he's gonna go
back to the way he was after Mom died.
Look. it's called
hypervigilance.
Perfectly normal. considering
what you've been through.
Would you talk to
your dad about it?
No.
Besides. he's the therapist.
Shouldn't he be picking up on the
fact that I'm picking up on the fact
that he might be freaking out.
and that might be freaking me out?
Can't believe I followed that.
Maybe carrots are good for me.
- [sighs]
- Look. this panic you're feeling
is never gonna go away until you
tell your dad why you're scared.
Yeah. But he's trying so hard.
He'd be so bummed.
Yeah.
Laying a harsh truth on
somebody you care about sucks.
Facing a similar
situation myself.
Oh. no. With your
hot doctor lover?
What? It's not my
fault she's hot.
- Are you guys okay?
- It's none of your business.
Sorry.
But you're right.
She is a smokeshow.
Yeah. she is.
Just a reminder.
Your proposals for your independent
research projects are due.
There's no exceptions.
I don't care if you're here to
study Jungian shadow archetypes.
or if you're here just trying to figure
out why your mom is so damn cray cray.
[chuckles] I'm the mom one.
I'm aware. Keisha.
She's called me several times.
Okay.
Any other questions before
I let y'all asses go?
- [door opens]
- [Liz] I got a question.
Why are you dodging me?
- Seriously?
- Oh. also is this kid 12?
Is this like a Doogie situation?
- I'm 20.
- So am I.
All right. Everybody. you
can go. Sorry about that.
[mouthing words] What
the fuck? What the fuck?
- Stop walking so fast.
- [sighs]
Your strides are
longer than mine.
Keep up. bitch.
- This is a nice office.
- Thank you.
- Why are you in it?
- Hmm.
- Professor Evans?
- Yes.
Do you have a few minutes to talk
about my independent research project?
Yeah. [stammers] Have a seat.
No. we're talking.
Excuse this woman. Keisha. She
has a raging case of the batshits.
- And we're walking. and we're walking.
- [Gaby] What?
- Stop saying that.
- I'll just come back.
- Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
- Find another teacher's butt to kiss.
- What?
- It's not even office hours.
Oh. that's fancy.
Professor Gabrielle.
- It's my name. It's just my name.
- Fancy.
- What is this?
- Just Post-its.
- I want one of that. Hmm.
- Normal Post-its. Nothing...
- You know what your problem is?
- What?
You are bad with boundaries.
Oh. my God. I'm
bad at boundaries?
Yeah. Oh. You love me.
- Nope. Gimme my rock.
- You love me.
And you know what? Get around the
desk. Go on the other side of the desk.
- All right. All right.
- Sit your ass down. Guess what. Liz?
I can't with you
right now. Okay?
I'm currently wearing a
thong from the eighth grade
because I haven't had
a second to unpack.
It is so unbelievably small. it
looks like a hammock for my bush.
You still have a bush?
I'm busy. Liz. It's a busy bush.
Hey. You can't laser that.
Yes. you can. And you
should look into it.
- Shut up.
- Wait. you know what?
What?
You'd have time to unpack if you
sacked up and ended it with Jimmy.
That's what I say.
All right. get your feet off
my desk. Those are really cute.
- Thank you.
- Move.
Okay. I think the reason why
I haven't been able to do it
is because it'll feel
like I'm closing the door
on any chance for me and him.
And I know it's weak-ass.
but I'm hoping that maybe if
I hang around long enough.
maybe he'll give us a real shot.
Babe.
He won't.
He never will.
You know that.
You just don't know
when to stop. do you?
Not really.
Honestly. this is the shit that
makes it hard to get close to you.
You know what? Get the
fuck out of my office.
Gaby.
Okay.
Why would I call it Jimmying?
It's a word already.
You know. like jimmying a lock.
Hey. you look mad. Are you mad?
I'm not mad.
I'm sad for you because all my
other patients are saying it.
Having a great time with it. but
we'll talk about it next week.
Hey. what are you doing here?
Everything... Everything okay?
I don't know. Dad.
I'm just saying. I'm scared
you're gonna fall apart again.
After Mom died. one day you
were my dad. and the next.
I was getting a ride to
school from a sex worker.
She was also a Lyft
driver. She did both.
Look. you don't have to
worry about that anymore.
- I'm good.
- Are you sure?
Because that's what you
always said back then.
I'd ask you how your day
went and you'd be like.
"It was good. It was great."
[sighs] And it wasn't good.
It was-It was fucked
up. [chuckles]
Yeah.
Man. I think it is so brave that
you're being this honest with me.
Yes. I am stressed out about
Grace. but that's Workday Dad.
Nighttime Daddy is fine.
[inhales sharply] I heard it.
I'm not gonna say it again.
Thank you.
Point is. I can handle it now.
I'm in a much better place.
I know.
Something changed
a few months ago
and... [inhales deeply] it felt
like you came back to life.
So whatever that was. just
please tell me that you won't...
Jimmying.
- Forget it. It... It's a movement.
- Okay.
All I'm saying is.
whatever it was.
just... [breathes deeply] promise
me you won't stop doing it.
I promise.
[Jimmy sighs]
- All right. love you. Bye.
- Oh. that was so fast.
[Alice] Have fun Jimmying.
Fight me.
What?
I'm back.
I win. you go see
your army buddy.
Are you crazy?
I'm good at this shit now.
Oh. are you?
None of that really matters when
you're about to get Jimmy'd.
Uh. uh. uh. uh. uh. uh.
Yeah. look at it go.
- Now. I'm gonna go slow. Look at it.
- Bruh.
- You'll get hypnotized. Slow.
- Come on. man.
Right. left. right. left.
- That's not...
- You're getting very sleepy.
- Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom.
- If I agree. will you stop doing that?
- Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom.
- Just remember you wanted this.
I think I'll be fine.
- [Sean grunting]
- Time-out. time-out. time-out.
[whimpers] Fuck.
You done?
- Pinch!
- [screams] Are you serious?
- Got you. Sean.
- Dude. It's over.
This is my move. Come on.
- Jimmy.
- Tap out. Tap out.
- Tap out. Sean.
- Jimmy. let me go.
Just submit to my will.
- Submit...
- [grunts]
Oh. shit.
I'm sorry. man. You okay?
[sighs] You really think
I'm ready to see my buddy?
Okay. I'll do it.
Why aren't you talking?
Are those your teeth?
Okay. Open your mouth then.
Open it.
Aw. hell.
[phone chimes]
- [groans]
- [knock on door]
Is now a good time?
Hmm. no. I don't think there's
ever gonna be a good time.
My mom and sister are at
war again. so that's tight.
Also. I have. like. no idea
where any of my bath towels are.
so I've been drying
off with an area rug.
Oh. and I'm sleeping with my
dead best friend's husband.
And do you wanna know why?
I really do. actually.
It's because I'm such a
pathological caretaker
that if you show me just
any train wreck of a man.
I will just jump in that pool
like some fucking Black lady Michael
Phelps every fucking single time.
But it gets worse.
because I took a huge shit
all over the one friend... [chuckles]
who actually tried to have my back.
Maybe I should just
come back again.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. This is perfect.
Because now I've
overshared. so I will agree
to pretty much anything that
you ask. So. what is it?
- Will you be my adviser?
- Yes.
And meet every Sunday night?
You go hard. Keisha.
Good for you.
[breathes heavily]
[line rings]
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Hey. Julie.
Um. there was something
I wanted to say. uh...
I can't talk right now.
[chuckling] But you called me.
[door closes]
[lisping] I had a
breakthrough with Sean.
Where the fuck are your teeth?
They're in my wallet.
but it's okay.
I have an emergency
dentist appointment.
Listen. after Sean kicked
the shit out of me.
- he agreed to see his army buddy.
- He kicked the shit out of you?
I know what you're gonna say.
No. you don't.
That I-I promised to
be a normal therapist.
- Sit.
- [sighs]
Paul. before you start. I just
want to make one thing clear.
If my eyes are watering.
it's not because I'm scared.
It's because this actually
hurts very. very badly.
I lied to you before.
[breathes deeply]
You did fuck up with
one of your patients.
I'm working on it with Grace.
No. I'm not talking about Grace.
I'm talking about Sean.
You have created a
textbook dual relationship.
Jesus. Jimmy.
He lives with you.
He needed a place to stay.
He's running a business with your
white. middle-aged. terrifying neighbor.
Does that seem normal?
Depends on the person.
Is there anybody
from his own life
that he even sees anymore?
Why weren't you
just honest with me?
[sighs]
Because Alice isn't the only one
who knows how fragile you are.
You always say your patients'
well-being is all that matters to you.
Yeah.
You think Sean
doesn't know that?
He will say anything
to keep you happy.
He'll even lie.
But it's not that
kid's job to heal you.
I did not make a
mistake with Sean.
He is my biggest success story.
Stop saying S-words.
Sorry.
Shit. I did it again.
Sean can't be your
patient anymore.
No.
You're wrong about him.
He is thriving
and I know in my heart that
I am helping him succeed.
[Derek] Oh. hey. honey.
I was thinking how much fun it would
be to put this globe in the john.
You have no lines in this play.
- I never have lines.
- You'll be okay. It goes in the office.
- What the fuck is going on here?
- Who knows?
I was told I was coming
over for drinks and nibs.
The three of you did all this?
We're almost done.
except for your underwear
and a box of things I can only imagine
are beyond the limits of our friendship.
- Give me that. don't look down there.
- [chuckles]
Now. you guys can break
down all the boxes.
That sounds like a
job for a straight.
- I'm on break.
- Uh. you're not.
Oh. come on.
Oh. I love crushing boxes.
I bet you do.
[sighs] I was such a
skanky bitch to you.
Why would you do this for me?
You have a rock. I love you.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. Come here.
[Gaby grunts]
[clicks tongue] You know I'm still gonna
have sex with Jimmy tonight. right?
Oh. I know. sweetie.
[doorbell rings]
Ah. The astronaut
returns. [chuckles]
You said you wanted space.
That's a thinker.
Hey. look. um.
there's no easy way to say
this. so I'm just gonna do it.
I love you.
Oh. Uh. hmm.
Well. that sucks.
Yeah. Well. believe me.
it's not what I wanted.
[clicks tongue] I love you too.
- Shit.
- Yeah.
I was afraid you
were gonna say that.
[Julie sighs]
[exhales deeply] Woof.
That's my thing.
Right? They were
running so fast.
- Yeah.
- All these little...
- Superhuman.
- [chuckles]
Guess what grew back?
[Alice. Sean chuckle]
Nice.
Congrats. Dad. You have teeth.
I didn't think you'd say that to
me until I was much. much older.
- [chuckles]
- How did it go with your friend?
Great. Glad you pushed me.
Okay. great.
[Alice] Was it a
threatening grip?
[Sean] Nah. dude. He
ain't got the face for it.
- He ain't got a real face.
- [Alice] Yeah?
He got a face face. [chuckles]
You didn't go see him. did you?
Alice? Will you
give us a second?
Yeah.
[clicks tongue]
[speaking indistinctly]
- [Jimmy] Hey.
- [sighs] Shit. Sorry. habit.
It's no problem.
Come on. kid. Let's get to work.
Welcome to the major leagues.
Okay. Well. I'll. uh...
I'll see you later. I guess.
I hope so.
Jesus Christ. You live together.
You can wave to each
other from your bedrooms.
Come on!
[Sean] I don't know
what the big deal is.
I just didn't wanna go
in that coffee shop.
Look. kid.
Jimmy was right about one thing:
the importance of facing
your demons head-on.
[sighs]
If that means seeing an old
friend. you got the coping skills.
Do it.
You can't spend your life
hiding from your trauma.
If you don't truly deal with your
past. it'll come back for you.
I came here to apologize.
You did it. You should go.
I know you must hate me...
- Get the fuck out of here.
- But I wondered if we...
- I would really like...
- Get the fuck out of here!
Get out of here! Get
the fuck out of here!
[pants]
And when that happens...
What?
Hey. how did the
rest of your day go?
Yeah. Yeah. it was good.
It was great.
Boom.